cockerel and legume
lived-were cockerel and chicken cockerel all
hurried to hurry
and the chicken know yourself sentences Peter
don't hurry pete not hurry pecked
somehow cockerel bean kernels yes
in a hurry and choked choked not breathing
does not hear lies does not move
scared chicken ran to the hostess
screaming about hostess
give me a quick cockerel neck
lubricate
the cockerel choked with a bean seed
the mistress says
run rather cows ask her for milk
and I will beat the butter rushed chicken to
cow cowboy let my darling soon
the milk from the milk
butter a cockerel
the cockerel choked with a bean seed
cows say go quickly to
for the master let him bring me fresh
grass runs chicken to the host
master, master, give more to the cow
fresh grass cow will give milk from
milk hostess knocks butter butter
I will lubricate the cock of the neck choked
cockerel bean seed run rather
the blacksmith behind the scythe says the owner
the chicken forge rushed off
blacksmith blacksmith give rather good master
the cashier the owner will give the grass to the cow
the cow will give the milk the hostess will give me
butter I will grease the cock of the neck
the cockerel choked with a bean seed
blacksmith gave the owner a new braid the owner gave
cow grass fresh
cow gave
milk hostess knocked butter gave butter
hen
hen smoked cockerel bean neck
grain and slipped
cockerel jumped up lives a certain and in all
the throat sang a crow